Improve contribution message about adding e2e tests (#4805)
crossplane/crossplane: contributing/README.md

rationale.

E2E tests live under `test/e2e`. Refer to the [E2E readme] for information on
adding and updating E2E tests. They are considered to be expensive,

> therefore add them only for important usecass that cannot be verified by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
therefore add them only for important use cases that cannot be verified by
```

> unit tests. If in a doubt, check with the maintainers for guideline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unit tests. If in a doubt, check with the maintainers for guidance.
```
